release CLI 1.0.1 (#782)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/release-notes.md

If you have any questions or a bug to report, reach out to [Astronomer Support](https://support.astronomer.io)

## Astro CLI v1.0.1

Release date: June 6, 2022

> ### Patch to Fix Issues with The Parse and Pytest Comamnd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Bug Fixes
```

> This patch fixes an issue wehere the `dev parse` and `dev pytest` command where failing to execute for some users. This patach also fixes parse process that happens during `astro deploy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where `astro deploy`, `astro dev parse`, and `astro dev pytest` failed for some users
```
